you should get navy resources involved when there's a risk of suicide
immediately as soon as you possibly can if you're done a fine these
risks it perhaps the individual himself as you've been talking with
them has told you that they've had these certain spots or have an actual
agenda you know what that individual know that you care listen
to him don't leave them alone ask him if you're able to take them to
seek help whether that's to medical or the chaplain or some other kind
of resource but the biggest thing is is get them that help that
they need immediately before it turns into some sort of a snowball effect
that's hard to come back from